Modernize the Swift CI tutorial (current Swift versions, refreshed pins, cross-platform guidance) (#44870)
github/docs: content/actions/tutorials/build-and-test-code/swift.md

```yaml copy
{% data reusables.actions.actions-not-certified-by-github-comment %}

{% data reusables.actions.actions-use-sha-pinning-comment %}

steps:
  - uses: {% data reusables.actions.action-checkout %}
  - uses: swift-actions/setup-swift@7ca6abe6b3b0e8b5421b88be48feee39cbf52c6a # v2.4.0
    with:
      swift-version: "6.3"
  - name: Build
    run: swift build
  - name: Run tests
    run: swift test
```

## Building and testing on Linux with a container

> On {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted Linux runners, you can run your job inside an official Swift container image, which already includes the Swift toolchain. This means you don't need a separate step to install Swift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted Linux runners, you can run your job inside an official Swift container image, that includes the Swift toolchain. With these images, you don't need a separate step to install Swift.
```
